[Doctests] Move doctests to new GPU & Fix bugs (#15969)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/quicktour.mdx

pip install datasets 
```

> Create a [`pipeline`] with the task you want to solve for and the model you want to use. Set the `device` parameter to `0` to place the tensors on a CUDA device if you
> it is available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a [`pipeline`] with the task you want to solve for and the model you want to use. Use the `device` parameter to place the tensors on a GPU if you have one:
```

```py
>>> import torch
>>> from transformers import pipeline

> >>> device = 0 if torch.cuda.is_available() else -1

Author: This is the only time where we explicitly say in the doc tests that we should run on GPU. I think it's fine here to add an additional `if torch.cuda.is_availabsle()` to make it also pass on CPU. Ok for you @sgugger ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>>> device = "cuda" if torch.cuda.is_available() else "cpu"
```
This is clearer.

Author: Think this doesn't work no @Narsil ?

Reviewer: Indeed. Let's remove GPU entirely then as it's not natural at all for a newcomer from PyTorch (@Narsil why doesn't `device` support the same thing as `torch.device`? This is very confusing...)

Author: But agree with @sgugger here that it should work. It's weird that `device` has to be an `int` here

Reviewer 2: How, that is old code being moved over and over I think.
I guess initially it was done that way to be roughly agnostic to TF vs PT.

I do agree that being at least compatible with native things is OK (it should be at least).

For the example, I guess it depends where we are, but it's nice when the pipeline uses whatever backend is installed on your end (so not relying on `torch.device` nor `tf.device('/device:GPU:2')` by default but a simple subset for simple usage)

Reviewer: Oh yes, I hadn't even realized we are putting some framework-specific code in the generic example. All the more reason to remove the `device` altogether, we shouldn't import `torch` here (or have some TF block that does the equivalent, but for this is starting to get too complex for the first part of the quicktour).

Reviewer 2: Let's remove the `device` altogether ! Fine by me.

>>> import tensorflow as tf

>>> tf_predictions = tf.nn.softmax(tf_outputs.logits, axis=-1)

> >>> # print(tf.math.round(tf_predictions * 10**4) / 10**4)

Author: ```suggestion
```

>>> import tensorflow as tf

>>> tf_predictions = tf.nn.softmax(tf_outputs.logits, axis=-1)

> >>> print(tf.math.round(tf_predictions * 10**4) / 10**4)

Reviewer: No, doctest will round all numbes to the precision written, whether inside tensors or not. This passed locally before so should still pass by tweaking the display. We should avoid cluttering the example for the sake of the doctests and can just ignore the output of this particular test if needs be.

> >>> print(tf.math.round(tf_predictions * 10**4) / 10**4)

Author: Didn't pass for me locally - could you maybe quickly double check here? Note that all tests were passing locally before because we were ignoring the output.

If they pass locally for you, happy to revert it. PT passes because they automatically round to 4 decimal places

> >>> print(tf.math.round(tf_predictions * 10**4) / 10**4)

Author: Happy to fix in a follow-up PR! Didn't manage to make it work without rounding (neither locally nor on the ci-runner, see message offline).
